chore(docs): adding documentation for Keptn on Docusaurus (docs.tracetest.io) (#1887)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/tools-and-integrations/integrations/keptn.md

> # Running Tracetest with Keptn

Author: This documentation is the same as presented on https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/keptn-integration (I only needed to fix the links to the files).

After the contents of this documentation are published on docs.tracetest.io, I'll open another PR changing the docs there to reference this document.

 
[Tracetest](https://tracetest.io/) is a testing tool based on OpenTelemetry that permits you to test your distributed application. It allows you to use your trace data generated on your OpenTelemetry tools to check and assert if your application has the desired behavior defined by your test definitions.

> [Keptn](https://keptn.sh/) is a powerful tool to automate the lifecycle of your application running on Kubernetes. One of the tasks that we can do on `keptn` is to test an application and see if it is healthy and ready to be used by your users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Keptn](https://keptn.sh/) is a powerful tool to automate the lifecycle of your application running on Kubernetes. One of the tasks that we can do with `keptn` is to test an application and see if it is healthy and ready to be used by your users.
```

By using the Keptn [Job Executor Service](https://github.com/keptn-contrib/job-executor-service) plugin, we can upload a Tracetest test definition and a CLI configuration to a service and run a test using the following job:

```yaml
apiVersion: v2
actions:
- name: "Run tracetest on your service"
  events:
    - name: "sh.keptn.event.test.triggered"
  tasks:
    - name: "Run tracetest"
      files:
        - data/test-definition.yaml
        - data/tracetest-cli-config.yaml
      image: "kubeshop/tracetest:latest"
      cmd:
        - tracetest
      args:
        - --config
        - /keptn/data/tracetest-cli-config.yaml
        - test
        - run
        - --definition
        - /keptn/data/test-definition.yaml
        - --wait-for-result

```

## Quickstart

> Here we will show how to use Tracetest to do these tests and help in your delivery and testing workflows using the [Pokeshop](https://docs.tracetest.io/pokeshop/) example, available at address `http://demo-pokemon-api.demo` at Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we will show how to use Tracetest to run these tests and help in your delivery and testing workflows using the [Pokeshop](https://docs.tracetest.io/pokeshop/) example, available at `http://demo-pokemon-api.demo` in a Kubernetes cluster.
```

> Here we will show how to use Tracetest to do these tests and help in your delivery and testing workflows using the [Pokeshop](https://docs.tracetest.io/pokeshop/) example, available at address `http://demo-pokemon-api.demo` at Kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here we will show how to use Tracetest to do these tests and help in your delivery and testing workflows using the [Pokeshop](https://docs.tracetest.io/pokeshop/) example, available at `http://demo-pokemon-api.demo` for Kubernetes.
```

### Prerequisites

> On your Kubernetes cluster you should have:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your Kubernetes cluster you should have:
```

        - run
        - --definition
        - /keptn/data/test-definition.yaml
        - --wait-for-result
```

This job will run Tracetest every time an event of `test-services` happens, listening to the event `sh.keptn.event.test-services.triggered` (event emitted by the `test-services` task on the `test-sequence` sequence).

5. Add this job as a resource on Keptn:
```sh
keptn add-resource --project keptn-tracetest-integration --service pokeshop --stage production --resource job-config.yaml --resourceUri job/config.yaml
```
 
### 3. Setup Job Executor Service to see events emitted by the test step.
 
To guarantee that our job will be called by Keptn when we execute the `deployment` sequence, we need to configure the integration `Job Executor Service` on `keptn-tracetest-integration` project to listen to `sh.keptn.event.test-services.triggered` events. We can do that only through the Keptn Bridge (their Web UI), by going to our project, choosing the `Settings` option, and later `Integrations`.
 
Choose the `job-executor-service` integration, and add a subscription to the event `sh.keptn.event.test-services.triggered` and the project `keptn-tracetest-integration`.
 

> ### 4. Run sequence when needed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 4. Run sequence when needed.
```
